Title: Policies

----

Text:

RETURNS POLICY

Our Ponsonby and online store are re opening until the end of August for the very last of the Gloria pieces. Please choose carefully as we will not be able to offer exchanges, returns or store credits. Purchases of any Gloria item, In store or Online, will be final.  So please make sure you select your item(s) and size carefully.

For Faulty Garments and Refunds

In the unfortunate occurrence of a faulty garment, we will do everything we can to replace the item. However, if this is just not possible we will let you choose another item or issue you with a refund for the original amount.

We will need to assess the item, so please return it to us at the store. We are sure you will take upmost care with your purchases but please understand that we can not repair, exchange or refund items that have been damaged due to fair wear and tear.

We will process your refund within five working days and notify you by email when payment has been made. For further information regarding when this money will be refunded onto the card used when purchasing, it will be best to contact your bank directly.

We will do everything to make this process as easy and smooth for you as possible.

SHIPPING + DELIVERY

Gloria insures each purchase during the time it is in transit until it is delivered to your specified delivery address. We require a signature for any delivered goods, at which point the responsibility for your purchased goods passes to you.

Domestic Orders

We dispatch on the next business day following payment or sooner when possible. All sales are made in New Zealand dollars and include GST. For domestic orders allow 2-3 business days.

International Orders

All international deliveries may be subject to local import duties and taxes. Please be aware that our shipping costs do not account for any extra fees charged on arrival.

These fees are to be paid by the recipient of the package.

We dispatch orders on the next business day following payment or sooner when possible. All sales are made in New Zealand dollars and include GST. For international orders please allow at least 3-7 business days for delivery.

Gloria can ship to the following destinations - Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, Croatia, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Netherlands New Zealand, Poland, Portugual, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, UK, and USA. For queries with regards to any other destinations, please e-mail: kristine@gloriagloria.com

Shipping Costs

Free shipping to all New Zealand & Australian orders over $300
New Zealand - $10 shipping for all orders under $300
Australia - $30 shipping for all orders under $300
Asia & North America - $35
UK & Europe - $45

TERMS + CONDITIONS

Online Sale Conditions

Please note, that while we do our best to depict the colour of each product as accurately as possible, there may be colour variation depending on your monitor. We cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any colour will be accurate.

Please make sure that you select the item(s) and size carefully when purchasing online as all sales are final.

Layby

Due to Gloria closing at the end of the month we no longer offer an in store Laybuy.

We do however offer the option of the Laybuy application. For more information about this application and how to use it / terms and conditions please visit https://www.laybuy.com/nz

Stock availability

We do our up most to keep our stock levels accurate, however there may be times when an item sells out dangerously fast! If you happen to purchase something online which is unavailable we will contact you to solve this as quickly as possible.

Garment Care

All pieces by Gloria are made in NZ by top crafts people and manufacturers. Each piece has gone through at least 5 pairs of hand and/or processes. Gloria uses mostly natural fibres such as silk, cotton and wool which will often get better with age and a little extra care. Please adhere to the garment care instructions on the labels when caring for your very special pieces and use your common sense.

Privacy Policy

Gloria respects your right to privacy. Accordingly, we do not share or sell your information to any third-parties. Any and all information collected by Gloria is used solely for the purpose of processing your order. Once you create an account with us, you are automatically included in our updates, newsletters and correspondences. To request to have your name removed from these correspondences, please click on the link attached to all emails sent out.

We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by changing or removing existing terms or adding new ones. Changes may take the form of a completely new Privacy Policy. We will tell you about any changes we make by posting an updated Privacy Policy on our website. Any change will apply as from the date such policy is posted.

For any further enquiries, please contact us on kristine@gloriagloria.com
